docs(lambda): add note about supported images (#2006)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/apm/traces/get-started-transaction-tracing/opentelemetry-instrumentation/aws-lambda/java.md

Sumo Logic AWS OTel Lambda also provides packed [OpenTelemetry Java](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-java) libraries for container-based Lambda functions.

:::note

> The instruction below supports only [AWS Base Images for Lambda](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/lambda/latest/dg/runtimes-images.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The instructions below support only [AWS Base Images for Lambda](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/lambda/latest/dg/runtimes-images.html).
```
